Opensearch observability otel (#3)
opensearch-project/opentelemetry-demo: local-config.md

# Local Dev Config

Use the following configuration to locally run and test the OTEL demo:

- For additional help go [here](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/docker/)

### Raise your host's ulimits:

> Rais the upper liits for OpenSearch to be able handling high I/O :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raise the upper limits for OpenSearch to be able handling high I/O :
```
